docs: update README about installation, build and usage (#53)
ostis-ai/sc-component-manager: README.md

# SC-component-manager

**SC-component-manager** is a part of [**sc-machine**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine). 
It allows to install reusable components for intelligent systems made with using the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).

## Installation

Install [**sc-machine**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine) with branch **component_manager**.

```sh
# install subversion version control system to install specifications
sudo apt install subversion

# clone sc-machine
git clone git@github.com:ostis-ai/sc-machine.git

# checkout to the component_manager branch

> git checkout component_manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd sc-machine
git checkout component_manager
git submodule update --init --recursive
./scripts/install_deps_ubuntu.sh --dev
```

> ```sh
> # install subversion version control system to install specifications
> sudo apt install subversion
> 
> # clone sc-machine
> git clone git@github.com:ostis-ai/sc-machine.git
> 
> # checkout to the component_manager branch
> git checkout component_manager
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Preparation

Install [**Subversion**](https://subversion.apache.org/) version control system.

```sh
# install subversion version control system to install specifications
sudo apt install subversion
```

Clone [**sc-machine**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine) with branch **component_manager**.

```sh
# clone sc-machine
git clone git@github.com:ostis-ai/sc-machine.git

# checkout to the component_manager branch
git checkout component_manager
```

Reviewer 2: I think its better to create Preparation section than Install

> ## Build
> ``./scripts/build_sc_machine.sh -cm``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build sc-machine with sc-component-manager run build script with component manager flag:

```sh
./scripts/build_sc_machine.sh -cm
```
```

> Code highlighting:
> 1. Go to the `sc-machine/sc-tools/CMakeLists.txt`;
> 2. Set `SC_COMPONENT_MANAGER` option to the `ON`;
> 3. Reload CMake project.
> 
> To see sc-component manager debug logs go to the `sc-machine.ini`, `[sc-memory]` section and set `log_level` to `Debug`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Post Install

### Code Highlighting
To enable code highlighting:

1. Go to the `sc-machine/sc-tools/CMakeLists.txt`;
2. Set `SC_COMPONENT_MANAGER` option to the `ON`;
3. Reload CMake project.

### Debug Logs
To see sc-component manager debug logs set `log_level` to `Debug` in `[sc-memory]` section in `sc-machine.ini`
```

> To see sc-component manager debug logs go to the `sc-machine.ini`, `[sc-memory]` section and set `log_level` to `Debug`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see sc-component-manager debug logs go to the `sc-machine.ini`, `[sc-memory]` section and set `log_level` to `Debug`.
```

# SC-component-manager

**SC-component-manager** is a part of [**sc-machine**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine).

> It allows to install reusable components for intelligent systems made with using the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It allows sc-machine to install reusable components for intelligent systems made with the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).
```
Missing actor relative to the "allows" word.
"Made with" is kind of a sustainable saying that's roughly translated to Russian as "сделано с помощью", so "using" is redundant.

## Preparation

Install [**Subversion**](https://subversion.apache.org/) version control system.

```sh
# install subversion version control system to install specifications
sudo apt install subversion
```

## Installation

Clone [**sc-machine**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine) with branch **component_manager**.

```sh
# clone sc-machine
git clone git@github.com:ostis-ai/sc-machine.git
cd sc-machine

# checkout to the component_manager branch
git checkout component_manager
```

## Build
To build sc-machine with sc-component-manager run build script with component manager flag:

```sh
./scripts/build_sc_machine.sh -cm
```

## Post Install

### Code Highlighting
To enable code highlighting:

> 1. Go to the `sc-machine/sc-tools/CMakeLists.txt`;

Reviewer 3: Wouldn't it be enough to just set it on the `cmake -B build` step? I think `build_sc_machine.sh` with `-cm` flag should do that for you, and your IDE should reuse that config. If that's not the case, the user's tooling should be set up accordingly (e.g. "CMake Options" window in CLion" 🙄)

It matters mostly because you'd have to `git stash` sc-machine every time to update it, that can lead to all kind of problems with scripts that are doing `git pull` or deleting the folder altogether. This setting should be in the user-controlled environment IMO.

2. Set `SC_COMPONENT_MANAGER` option to the `ON`;
3. Reload CMake project.

### Debug Logs

> To see sc-component-manager debug logs set `log_level` to `Debug` in `[sc-memory]` section in `sc-machine.ini`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see sc-component-manager debug logs, set `log_level` to `Debug` in `[sc-memory]` section of `sc-machine.ini`
```

## Usage

### Start sc-component manager

To start sc-component-manager run:

``./scripts/run_sc_component_manager.sh -c <CONFIG_PATH>``

Possible run flags:
- `-i` - interactive mode;
- `-b` <KB_SRC_PATH> - build kb before start.

### Commands

> - `components init` - download specifications from repositories. `kb/specifications.scs` contains example of how to describe repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `components init` - download specifications from repositories. `kb/specifications.scs` contains an example of a repository description.
```

> - `components search  [--author \<author\>][--class \<class\>][--explanation \<"explanation"\>]` - search component specification in knowledge base. You can search components by author, class or explanation substring.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `components search  [--author \<author\>][--class \<class\>][--explanation \<"explanation"\>]` - search a component specification in the knowledge base. You can search components by author, class or explanation substring.
```

> - `components install [--idtf \<system_idtf\>]` - install component by it's system identifier.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `components install [--idtf \<system_idtf\>]` - install component by its system identifier.
```
https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/the-tangled-history-of-its-and-its
